this is probable one 701 and we're here
to do a review of the dark
standard issue now the dark standard
issue this is a grab-bag saber I have
two dark standard issues they both in
grab bags but I'm actually pretty happy
with them they're nice this one has a
mid-grade blade the silver blade that I
like unlike some of the savers the
emitter is not removable it's a solid
piece of the saber I really like it
though it's slanted and I'm very fond of
the slanted emitters I think those look
really nice it's got these nice
horizontal grooves here and pommel right
here kind of a basic pommel but I like
it it's a stunt saber so it's just got
the standard guarded switch right here
now being a grab-bag saber it's got a
couple of little little March dings on
it you see a couple of them right here
but they're minor I like it I'm actually
very happy with the saber I have two and
the interesting thing about the dart
standard issue is that it comes in two
different versions and I have both and I
can show you the difference between as
which is actually probably pretty
obvious you can get it with the vertical
grooves here or without now I know what
you're thinking prowl which one's better
well and my personal opinion it depends
I think the dart standard issue with the
vertical grooves looks better I like
that but I think the one without the
grooves is more comfortable to hold it
feels better to me the grooves look
fantastic but when I'm swinging it
around for an extended period of time
when I'm practicing it starts to
irritate my palms a little bit whereas
in this one is much more comfortable to
hold
you also notice this one I haven't an
ultra edge because it's in sunrider's
destiny in sunrider's destiny in a
mid-grade and my opinion just looks
god-awful but it looks really nice and
an ultra edge whereas this one's in
Guardian blue and Guardian blue looks
good in both as you can see right here
this is Guardian blue in a mid-grade
blade it looks quite nice I'm very happy
with it whereas in this is son
there's destiny in ultra edge which also
looks quite nice I will not do
sunrider's destiny in a mid-grade ever
so both stunt savers as you can see now
I'll go ahead and hand off the phone
here and go over the sabers in a little
more detail in a smaller I keep a 32
inch blade on it both of these have 32
inch blades the standard size is a 36
inch blade but always request a 32 inch
blade just because it's easier for me to
use it's more comfortable for me to use
a guardian you can see the blades
actually very bright it illuminates very
well much more so than say the master FX
sabers that you see in stores these are
much brighter much more fun to use some
people only bus sabers were sound I have
several sabers will sound but I can't
stress how nice it is to have stunt
sabers they're actually really nice I
prefer to practice with them when I'm
actually outside or or inside we're apt
to be I prefer to practice with these I
kind of get more caught up in the
practice and less on the sound it's
making so just for comparison the Sun
routers destiny my two darts standard
issues I like both it's kind of nice
having both versions of each one with
grooves and the one without grooves and
the batteries
really easy to get to you just unscrew
long like this then the batteries come
right out don't want to pull it any
further than this you don't want to
damage your wires just take the velcro
strip off and pop out the four triple-a
batteries this one has a standard
set up most unsavoury you can get the
lithium setup or the standard setup this
one just has the standard setup which is
for triple-a batteries off the batteries
out pop some new ones in put the velcro
strip back on that's their kind of just
to keep it from rattling around in the
saver while you're practicing your
swinging it slide it back in take your
palm by the way the pommels are
compatible with pommels from other
savers so you can just take a different
model if you don't like this pom will
screw it back in you can swap amo
between different savers and you're good
to go
I'm really fond of these I can't
remember what I gave this I already have
a review a separate review on this one I
forget exactly what it was I gave it but
this one I give about the same score
probably about a 90 91 out of 100
I love the slanted emitter and the this
one is definitely more comfortable hold
the two I like the dark standard issue
if it's something you're interested in
or if you prefer the regular standard
issue they make a standard issue which
is just like this one except for it's
all silver I definitely go for it
they're nice i enjoyable this is
probably one 701 and this is the dart
standard issue in Guardian blue give it
say a 90 out of 100 91 out of 100 and
thank you for watching